# Customise

The concept of this script is let everyone change the design easily as much as possible. So that basically entire the logic is in one file, index.ts.
The design is complettely devided from the implimentation, everything what you need to change is under the template folder.

## Change basic layout
To change basic layout you have to change template/index.html. This is used for all files when converted to html. 
There is some keyword you can use. The logic is following

```typescript
    Object.keys(templateParams).forEach((key: string) => {
        const val = templateParams[key];
        html = html.replace(new RegExp(`\{\{${key}\}\}`, 'g'), val);
    })
```
Just 3 lines of the code, so basically it doesn't support complex templating, but it's enough for this purpose.

Following is the list of keywords you can use.

| Keyword | Replaced content |
| :--- | :--- |
| {{ title }} | The title of the documnent. |
| {{ menu }} | Where sidebar menu comes. |
| {{ content }} | Generated html from markdown or from other format comes here. |

## Change styles
To change css style you can change template/style.scss. This is compiled to css to ./dist folder in the build phase.

## Change source code hightlight theme
I use [hightlight.js](https://github.com/highlightjs/highlight.js) for highlighting the source code. By the default stackoverflow-dark theme is used for highlighting source code.
To change the theme, first find the theme you like from here stackoverflow-dark.css from [here](https://github.com/highlightjs/highlight.js/tree/main/src/styles) then change the content of template/syntaxhightlight.scss by the content of the css file you want use.

## Change markdown style
To change the markdown style change the template/markdown.scss file. As you can see all the styles is under .markdown-body class.

